comp0035_coursework1.md, before:

# Coursework 1

## Technical information
### Repository URL
[https://github.com/ucl-comp0035/coursework-1-mslee2129]()

### Set-up instructions

Assume that requirements will be installed from requirements.txt.

If you have used any libraries that require set-up beyond `pip install ...` then use this section to explain any set-up
instructions to be followed to run your coursework.

If the marker cannot execute your coursework they can't grade it!


## Selection of project methodology
### Methodology (or combination) selected
CRISP-DM
### Selection criteria and justification of selection
For this project, I wanted to focus more on the data science aspect of the 

## Definition of the business need
### Problem definition
Doing business: Different countries offer different environments for a business to thrive, and it is often difficult to 
identify what countries offer the most potential growth of a business. If a company chooses poorly when moving to another
country, it may result in severe financial losses. It is essential for a business to choose to expand to a country that 
would maximise its revenue. Given a set of 63 indicators and how a country scores in those indicators across the years,
recommendations will be made on the next steps to take for a business. (I think I still need to specify on what the business actually is)
### Target audience

### Questions to be answered using the dataset

### Suggested web app

## Data preparation and exploration
### Data preparation

[Data Preparation](data_preparation.py)

### Prepared data set
Please add names of your data set files in this repository below, then delete this instruction text.
DBData.csv
DBCountry.csv
DBSeries.csv

### Data exploration

[Data Exploration]()

## Weekly progress reports
Copy and paste from Moodle or use the following structure. Delete this instruction text.

What I did in the last week:
- item
- item

What I plan to do in the next week:
- item
- item

Issues blocking my progress (state ‘None’ if there are no issues):
- item
- item

### Report 1

### Report 2

### Report 3

### Report 4

## References
Use any [referencing style](https://library-guides.ucl.ac.uk/referencing-plagiarism/referencing-styles) that you are
used to using in your course.

Commit message:

Edit Question to be answered and selection criteria

comp0035_coursework1.md, after:

# Coursework 1

## Technical information
### Repository URL
[https://github.com/ucl-comp0035/coursework-1-mslee2129]()

### Set-up instructions

Assume that requirements will be installed from requirements.txt.

If you have used any libraries that require set-up beyond `pip install ...` then use this section to explain any set-up
instructions to be followed to run your coursework.

If the marker cannot execute your coursework they can't grade it!


## Selection of project methodology
### Methodology (or combination) selected
CRISP-DM
### Selection criteria and justification of selection
Criteria:
- Level of volatility in the requirements
- Availability of documentation/support
- Flexibility of structure and timeframe
- Size of the project team

Justification: For this project, I wanted to focus more on the data science aspect of the project, and CRISP-DM is known as one of the 
most popular data science methodologies. Out of the many data science methodologies, I chose CRISP-DM since it is a
methodology that allows for the most flexibility, as it is a methodology that combines features of the waterfall and 
agile methods

## Definition of the business need
### Problem definition
Doing business: Different countries offer different environments for a business to thrive, and it is often difficult to 
identify what countries offer the most potential growth of a business. If a company chooses poorly when moving to another
country, it may result in severe financial losses. It is essential for a business to choose to expand to a country that 
would maximise its revenue. Given a set of 205 indicators and how a country scores in those indicators across the years,
recommendations will be made on the next steps to take for a business.


### Target audience

### Questions to be answered using the dataset
1. Which countries rank the highest in the 'ease of doing business' criteria?
2. Which countries have the most business-friendly tax regulations?
### Suggested web app

## Data preparation and exploration
### Data preparation

[Data Preparation](data_preparation.py)

### Prepared data set
Please add names of your data set files in this repository below, then delete this instruction text.
DBData.csv
DBCountry.csv
DBSeries.csv

### Data exploration

[Data Exploration]()

## Weekly progress reports
Copy and paste from Moodle or use the following structure. Delete this instruction text.

What I did in the last week:
- item
- item

What I plan to do in the next week:
- item
- item

Issues blocking my progress (state ‘None’ if there are no issues):
- item
- item

### Report 1

### Report 2

### Report 3

### Report 4

## References
Use any [referencing style](https://library-guides.ucl.ac.uk/referencing-plagiarism/referencing-styles) that you are
used to using in your course.
